# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct for Calimero

[Contributor Covenant]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and our
community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and
expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality,
personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people

- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences

- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback

- Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience

- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall
  community

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

- The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances

- Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks

- Public or private harassment

- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,
  without explicit permission

- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any
contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening,
offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies when
an individual is representing the project or its community in public spaces.
Examples of representing a project or community include using an official
project email address, posting via an official social media account, or acting
as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at `info@calimero.network`. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All project maintainers are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the
reporter of any incident.

## Enforcement Guidelines

Project maintainers will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining
the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

### Correction

**Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed
unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

**Consequence**: A private, written warning from project maintainers, providing
clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the
behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

### Warning

**Community Impact**: A violation through a single incident or series of
actions.

**Consequence**: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No
interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with
those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This
includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels
like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent
ban.

### Temporary Ban

**Community Impact**: A serious violation of community standards, including
sustained inappropriate behavior.

**Consequence**: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public
communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or
private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction
with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period.
Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

### Permanent Ban

**Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an
individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

**Consequence**: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the
community.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][], version 2.1, available
at [v2.1](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html).

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla's code of conduct
enforcement ladder.

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the FAQ at
[FAQ](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq). Translations are available at
[translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations).

For more information contact
[info@calimero.network](mailto:info@calimero.network) with any additional
questions or comments.
