# Project Documentation

Welcome to the documentation directory for Calimero Network. This directory contains all the necessary files to build and run the project documentation locally, contribute changes, and deploy updates.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get started with the documentation:

### Prerequisites

- Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed (version 18 or later).
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) is our package manager of choice. If you don't have it installed, follow the [installation instructions](https://pnpm.io/installation).

### Installation

1. Clone the repository (if you haven't already):

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/calimero-is-near/cali2.0-experimental.git
   cd yourproject/docs
   ```

2. Install the dependencies:

   ```bash
    pnpm install
   ```
3. Running the Documentation Locally

To start a local development server and open the documentation in your browser:

    ```bash
    pnpm start
    ```
This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

4. Contributing
We welcome contributions to our documentation! To contribute:

Create a branch for your changes:

    ```bash
    git checkout -b docs/my-documentation-change
    ```

Make your changes and preview them locally by running pnpm start.

Commit your changes:

    ```bash
    git commit -am "docs: Add some amazing documentation"
    ```
Push your branch and open a pull request against the main branch.

5. Deployment
Our documentation is hosted on GitHub Pages and is deployed from the gh-pages branch. To deploy the latest version of the documentation:

    ```bash
    pnpm run deploy
    ```

This command builds the documentation and pushes it to the gh-pages branch, automatically updating the live documentation site.

### Structure
docs/: Contains the Markdown files for the documentation.
blog/: Contains the Markdown files for the blog.
sidebars.js: Configures the documentation sidebar. Currently autogenerated.
docusaurus.config.js: Contains configuration for Docusaurus, including theme and plugin settings.

### Support
If you encounter any issues or have questions about contributing to the documentation, please open an issue on GitHub.

Thank you for contributing to Calimero Network's documentation!
